Did you think the culprit was Do Hak Young when you...
first encountered the incident?
- Yes, I did. - Why is that?
I saw the CCTV footage through news, and it was Hak Young.
There was nobody else caught on the camera, right?
No, there was nobody else.
We checked all the CCTVs from the stairs, lifts,
and corridors before the incident. But there was nobody else.
Not even on the dash cameras.
Yes, I heard that.
That is why I misunderstood that the culprit is Hak Young.
Misunderstood? Why do you think you misunderstood?
It could have been an accident.
An accident?
If I were Do's lawyer, I would have insisted it that way.
The victim must have died from excessive bleeding on head...
when she slipped and hit the table. A misfortunate accident.
Nonsense.
Then the picture drawn by blood on the floor can't be explained.
You don't have any evidence that Do drew that.
If not Do, who else?
There were only Do and Yoo at the scene on the day.
If Yoo drew that, there must have been some blood stains left.
But when we checked, she didn't have any stains on her body.
So didn't Do. He didn't have any stains on his hands, feet, neck,
and even the shoes. There was none.
And this fact keeps him from being convicted.
That's because...
The blood stains must've been erased by someone. He had enough time...
to shower and wash the clothes before his confession.
That is an assumption.
An assumption can't be evidence.
Then how can you explain the drawing by blood?
What did Do Hak Young say about that?
He said he doesn't know about it.
He can't just say he doesn't know about it.
To walk free, he has to prove that he didn't draw the picture.
No. The prosecutor must prove...
that Hak Young drew it, so that he can be charged.
You don't know what it's drawn by, do you?
Look.
Do Hak Young was the only one who went into the house that time.
What can we prove more?
He must have used a tool to draw that.
What kind of tool?
Are you playing with me?
We don't know what that is, so I just referred to it as a tool.
You have to mention that specific tool on the arraignment.
If you don't, you can't specify a charge.
Not specifying can lead this to be dismissed in the trial.
What is this policeman? Is he a lawyer?
This looks more like a trial than an investigation.
The policeman will take over Prosecutor Jung soon.
Why doesn't he ask why the culprit ran away without a reason?
Ran away.
Why did he run away then?
They can hear us!
I'm sorry, sir.
If he's innocent, why didn't he explain himself instead of fleeing?
Because you still went after him even when he's innocent.
He thought that he might end up in jail even when he's innocent.
You made Do to confess when he came to your house...
on the 25th of last month, didn't you?
No, I told him to run away.
If you really killed Yoo Su Kyung, then run away.
I won't say a word.
- Hey, Woo Tak! - Instead,
if you are innocent, turn yourself in.
Trust the law.
When I told him that, he turned himself in.
He said he will trust the law.
Is Do Hak Young really the culprit?
What on earth are you trying to say?
There is no other suspect except Do Hak Young.
We can't assume an answer just because we don't have one.
Why do you believe that Do Hak Young is innocent?
When Hak Young first came to my house,
he asked me to help him prove his innocence.
So you should prove my innocence in every way you can.
When I met him earlier,
he asked me if I'm looking for the real culprit.
What did the prosecutor say?
Is he looking for the culprit?
Those words...
are what you say to prove you are innocent anyway.
If he was guilty, he wouldn't have asked me to prove...
that he's innocent. He would've asked me to make him innocent.
He wouldn't have asked me to find the real culprit.
He would have asked me to make up some alibi.
That's true.
What does he mean by that?
Why is he agreeing to him?
Prosecutor Jung is losing to the policeman.
- He totally lost. - By the way,
even I think it's strange.
If he really killed her, he wouldn't have asked like that.
He would have just insisted it wasn't him.
Be quiet!
Do Hak Young has a motive to kill Yoo.
Can you fix it well this time?
Can you rate me well this time?
I will rate you well if you fix well.
Yoo rated poorly on Do's service.
She even asked him to throw away some trash on his way out.
So this made Do Hak Young mad, and he killed her out of anger.
Then why would he throw away...
the trash after killing her?
If throwing away trash made him so mad that he killed her,
he would have just left it there.
Why did he even bring out the trash to throw away for her?
There is no reason.
Yes, that makes sense.
He's right. Why did he throw away the trash for her?
I... I mean...
Even you agree to the policeman?
No, sir. I meant...
The police's saying some sensible words.
Stop grumbling!
I'm sorry, sir. It's my neck.
What's the matter? You're not confident now?
Do you really think Do Ha Young killed Yoo Su Kyung, Mr. Choi?
We worked really hard to get the evidence, but we couldn't.
Do you remember the lying detector?
It said that it can't determine the lie.
If he were the real culprit, it should have said "lying".
- You're right. - Do Hak Young only stayed...
for 13 minutes at her house according to the CCTV.
You think it's possible to kill, clean, wipe, draw a picture...
with blood, remove stains in 13 minutes?
Do you think it's possible?
I know, it sounds odd.
But there's nobody else that seems like a culprit except him.
This doesn't directly prove that Do killed her.
But the chief won't make you set the guy free from the prison.
Prosecutors work individually.
If we follow the principal, I don't need anyone's approval.
If I just undo his imprisonment...
You will be fired.
And I will be fired too.
I know so many prosecutors who got fired for doing things alone.
What can I do now? Should I just prosecute him?
Prosecutor Jung.
How about you be more modest?
Am I being rude?
Why do you think you are the only one that sees the truth?
From today's investigation,
just show your seniors what you saw.
Then they might be able to see the truth since they're seniors.
This is why he called us here.
He wanted to show and persuade us.
I'm sure they will agree with what you are thinking.
They will think with you together.
(Cancellation of Arrest)
Sir.
Give me some time to think alone, will you?
I know what you all are trying to say.
Goodness.
I hope this case doesn't go like Kang Dae Hee's.
But who defended for Kang?
It's you, Yu Beom.
I told you that I'm on Jung's side too.
He'll do well without your support.
Jae Chan can never do this alone.
This doesn't mean Jae Chan lacks in anything.
This case is just hard.
The evidence he has is not enough.
We need full evidence to charge the suspect.
A prosecutor alone can't make the evidence full.
You should help out, Hong Joo.
(Haegang Law Firm)
You didn't know Do's father is a former convicted drug dealer.
Do also followed his father's crime path...
when he was a student.
Assault and theft. He wasn't a good boy.
He was a trash.
Tell people what you saw.
Then you will have...
the evidence fill up by itself.
What do you mean?
Do's case is a very popular topic to write about among...
you reporters.
You will need more useful sources,
and I think this can be the one.
Other media will go after him if you just provide them...
with his personal information.
Then you'll have many reporters who will work as detectives.
Do Hak Young is an ex-convict of assault.
Is he a psychopath?
Goodness. Do Hak Young went to our school.
His picture must be in the yearbook.
Of course.
(Do Hak Young's profile)
Revealing killer Do's graduation photo.
I go to the same high school that Do went too.
I found Do's picture in the graduation yearbook.
Revealing a real killer's face.
Do Hak Young's father is a drug dealer.
I used to live next to Do Hak Young.
When the news gets released,
thousands of people will share information about him.
Do's every related person will share every little detail.
Do Hak Young will be the notorious killer,
and people will demand the prosecutor to charge him.
You're asking me to manipulate the media.
Manipulate? That's too vulgar.
I meant you shouldn't go against the public.
He is the culprit without doubt.
We can't just let him go.
Do you think we should?
Following the law...
won't make Jae Chan win.
Hong Joo, you should...
help him out to fill the evidence.
So Jae Chan can charge him.
Where is he?
He's not here.
Sir?
What are you doing?
Get out of there!
Sir! Get out of there!
Sir?
I will try to pull him out.
You should pull us up from the back. Do you understand?
Why do we have to?
He looks like a weak man who can't even swim.
I can swim.
No, I mean...
why should I rescue that man?
Of course you must save him.
Why don't we let him drown?
That guy is the brother of the guy who killed our father.
I hate him so much. Why should I rescue him?
Let him go to the fiery pit and meet his brother there!
Let him ask...
why his brother killed our father!
You're crazy. We should let him drown because you hate him?
Is that your reason?
Yes!
I hate him so much! Let him drown to death!
Get a grip!
He's just like us.
He also can't believe what happened yesterday.
He also wants to turn back the time to stop what happened.
He must have wished that this was all just a dream.
Go and rescue him. You should rescue him and me...
if you don't want to regret later.
I trust you.
(Seoul Hangang District Prosecutors' Office)
Taxi!
Mr. Jung Jae Chan.
Hey, Hong Joo. I was about to go pick you up.
I'm picking you up tonight because I want to have coffee with you.
Get in.
No Subtitle translation from VIU between 00:16:15 - 00:16:32
[VIU Ver] E16 While You Were Sleeping "Pride & Prejudice"
-= Ruo Xi =-
How did the investigation go with Woo Tak?
It went okay.
So is Do charged?
I didn't ask as a reporter. It's off the record.
I couldn't charge him.
Couldn't? He will be released soon.
You're letting him go?
- I might have to. - Do you need more evidence?
Woo Tak won over you, didn't he?
Listen to me.
I thought Do was the culprit in the beginning.
So I tried to bring the pieces together to prove this.
But they didn't fit right into one picture.
- They didn't? - No.
We conducted autopsy on the body, but it's all too clean.
There was no blood that shows resistance.
I seized and searched his house,
but there was no blood at all.
But it all made sense...
when I started to think that Do wasn't the culprit.
Yoo Su Kyung fainted many times due to otolithiasis.
That's why she retired early.
So did she die because she fainted...
from otolithiasis after Do left her house?
Yes. That makes the autopsy result correct.
It says that she died of a cerebral haemorrhage and she had no scars.
The fact that Do threw away the trash for her makes sense too.
She didn't have any blood stains on her clothes. Everything makes sense.
What about that drawing on the flood drawn by blood?
How would you explain that?
That's the toughest to explain.
When I analyzed the drawing drawn by blood,
it was drawn in one single stroke.
Drawn in one single stroke? Without stopping?
Do couldn't have done that all in 13 minutes without stains on him.
Do you think it was possible for him to draw...
without getting any stain on his feet?
Then who drew that?
I don't know too.
But I know that it wasn't Do.
It must be something we missed.
Because we couldn't find it, Do Hak Young got into this trap.
Hey, let's go now.
So you are letting him go? He's the prime suspect!
Yes.
I'm so incompetent, right?
I lost by Woo Tak's words,
and I'm losing the prime suspect.
I'm sorry. I can't say no to that.
I like you.
What?
I like you so much that I hate the fact...
that I disappointed you.
What's wrong with you? Why are you telling me that at this moment?
So I wanted to charge Do Hak Young no matter what.
But I can't charge an innocent man.
It might destroy one's life.
I really like you a lot,
but my feelings can't be compared to his entire life.
My feelings are nothing.
I'm sorry I disappointed you.
What's this?
I thought you would need it.
You look like someone.
- Who? - The boy who hit me long ago.
A boy hit you? What a crazy jerk.
I don't know his name and where he lives,
but he's not that bad.
He's a crazy guy to hit a girl. That's not normal.
Don't even get in touch with such guys.
This is unpleasant. I don't look like someone like that.
Okay. Okay. You don't look like that boy.
(Personal Information)
(Crime: Theft, assault)
(Indictment without detention for theft and assault)
Hong Joo, did you meet up with Lawyer Lee?
Yes, I did.
What did he say?
He gave me some documents about Do Hak Young.
What are they about? Have you gone through them?
Yes, these are the records of him when he was a student.
Of course, I knew he was a bad one. I knew he committed crimes.
So? Can you make a story out of it?
You're crazy. We should let him drown because you hate him?
Go and rescue him. You should rescue him and me...
if you don't want to regret later.
Wake up!
Hey, wake up!
No, wake up!
Please wake up!
Get up now!
Wake up!
Get up!
Thank you.
Thank you for saving me.
This story...
won't be featured.
Why not? It's Do's records when he was a kid.
Yes, but it's irrelevant to the current case.
There will be confusion to the prosecutor's investigation.
Are you sure about this?
Yes, sir. Do you want to take a look at it?
That's okay. I trust your words.
(Cancellation of Arrest)
Okay, I have made up my mind.
Here you go.
Thank you, sir.
I'll be scolded by the prosecutor general.
Lawyer Lee, Do's freed from arrest.
Jung Jae Chan, that crazy guy!
Write up a press release, and request for media interviews.
Yes, sir.
I shouldn't go easy on him.
Yes, Reporter Hwang.
I'm Lawyer Lee from Haegang.
- Are you okay? - Are you all right?
- Over here. - My goodness.
Jae Chan, you can't die.
Somebody help!
Please call an ambulance!
The sweetest dream I have ever dreamed in my life...
turned into the most horrible one.
(While You Were Sleeping)